Add exception handling function (#354)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CMakeLists.txt

option(OLP_SDK_ENABLE_TESTING "Flag to enable/disable building unit and integration tests" ON)
option(OLP_SDK_BUILD_DOC "Build SDK documentation" OFF)
option(OLP_SDK_NO_EXCEPTION "Turn off EXCEPTION" OFF)

> option(OLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCPETION_EXTERNAL "throw_exceptions() for boost is defined externally" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(OLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCPETION_EXTERNAL "The boost::throw_exception() is defined externally" OFF)
```

> option(OLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCPETION_EXTERNAL "The boost::throw_exception() is defined externally" OFF)

Reviewer 2: Please update the README.md

    set(CMAKE_C_FLAGS "-fno-exceptions ${CMAKE_C_FLAGS}")
endif()

if (OLP_SDK_NO_EXCEPTION AND NOT OLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCPETION_EXTERNAL)

>     set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "-DOLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCEPTION ${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS}")

Reviewer: Do we need to expose this macro for the user? Maybe better to define it as a `target_compile_definitions` only for the olp-cpp-sdk-core?
